David cameras trying to renegotiate the you case
terms of membership of the eu before the referendum he
sets out what he wants to change things like boosting the our of national parliaments
...he needs all twenty-seven of the eu leaders to
...is met...on a one-to-one basis to try and persuade them of
his plan now he's returning to some countries like
poland because there are some sticking points...prime minister wants to stop eu citizens
from other countries who work in the uk from claiming some benefits like tax
credits for four years the idea is make it less attractive and fewer people will
come but some eu leaders including poland's
...that could discriminates against their citizens because someone from more
...doing the same job...the you cases in london could end up getting
lax...fact and it could be illegal or this is important to...cameron
is the only part of his renegotiation he can...might reduce immigration.